todo.md, before:

## To Do
- [ ] Add offsets for control points when simplifying shapes to preserve bends
- [ ] Unify shapes of the same colour drawn on top of each other
- [ ] Detect holes in shapes rather than just resolving outlines

- [ ] add colour selectors
- [ ] add palette
- [ ] add fill / ink drop
- [ ] add marquee selection and cutting/ slicing
- [ ] add selection and dragging
- [ ] add control point modification
- [ ] primitive shapes
- [ ] image import? 
- [ ] text support?

## contour data structure rationalisation
- Shapes contain a bounding edge chain that forms the perimeter
- A contour is an edge chain that falls within a parent shape.
- Shapes can have a list of contours, but never need to nest within each other. Simply a flat data structure.
- Contours are always considered "negative space" within the shape they belong to
- Edge chains are stored "by reference" in the application, such that modifying an edge will cause any shapes that use it to have their appearance affected.

Look up Avalonia

Commit message:

refactors control point naming, adds unit test for Simplify operation

todo.md, after:

## To Do

- [x] Add offsets for control points when simplifying shapes to preserve bends
- [ ] Unify shapes of the same colour drawn on top of each other

-------------------------

- [ ] Detect holes in shapes rather than just resolving outlines

- [ ] add colour selectors
- [ ] add palette
- [ ] add fill / ink drop
- [ ] add marquee selection and cutting/ slicing
- [ ] add selection and dragging
- [ ] add control point modification
- [ ] primitive shapes
- [ ] image import? 
- [ ] text support?

## contour data structure rationalisation
- Shapes contain a bounding edge chain that forms the perimeter
- A contour is an edge chain that falls within a parent shape.
- Shapes can have a list of contours, but never need to nest within each other. Simply a flat data structure.
- Contours are always considered "negative space" within the shape they belong to
- Edge chains are stored "by reference" in the application, such that modifying an edge will cause any shapes that use it to have their appearance affected.

Look up Avalonia 
Ramer–Douglas–Peucker



## concave control point solution pseudocode
- 

Flash has two kinds of logic depending on whether the angle is concave or convex. Convex angles always have the control points be a straight line, while concave angles have handles that behave independently


## shape unify pseudocode
- if any area on the new shape intersects with any area on any other chain
- (later, we'll compare brush colours, but not necessary now)
- then
